Usually one is smarter than the other
It's all hoarse at the critical moment
Go out, I just want to go in alone
Yes yes emperor
Chen's mother is sick and needs care
Ask the emperor to speak for Chen Santian
Turn around, turn around, thank you Emperor
And so forth.
What did you just say?
Chen Jiazhong's mother is sick and needs care
Take care of the sick
Hahaha Emperor
The root of the Dragon Body Kingdom is ungovernable
Jiangshan Society doesn't care about it
You can pretend to be sick.
You're not really sick.
Ouch, I fought so hard in the south and north without losing
How can a little cold water make me sick?
Coughing and runny nose at most
If there is no such thing
How can I make Concubine Yuan believe it?
Emperor
I didn't expect my body
Can't resist the cold
Don't tell Yuan Fei about this.
Otherwise, you will definitely laugh at me
The emperor has always been in good health
I didn't expect to be so sick
I have a prescription here.
Press this first and give it to the emperor
Hahaha, this heart disease has to be treated first